# What is Omneer SDK

Building advanced tools for the new frontier of personalized medicine requires a comprehensive and efficient infrastructure. With the Omneer SDK, developers can revolutionize the field of neuroscience and personalized medicine by creating cutting-edge applications. 

By leveraging containerization options, the Omneer SDK offers task scheduling independence and access to scalable computing resources, further enhancing workflow execution. This convergence of neuroscience, personalized medicine, and state-of-the-art technology heralds a new era of advanced and personalized healthcare solutions.

Key features of the Omneer SDK include:
- **Personalized AI and machine learning tools:** Develop sophisticated tools that cater to individual healthcare needs.
- **Advanced disease progression diagnosis and tracking:** Gain insights into disease progression for personalized treatment plans.
- **Creation of digital twins for individualized healthcare:** Utilize digital replicas of patients to tailor treatment approaches.
- **Instant no-code interfaces for rapid deployment:** Enable quick and intuitive deployment of applications without the need for coding.
- **High-performing, reliable cloud infrastructure:** Leverage a robust cloud infrastructure for efficient and reliable application execution.
- **Flexibility to define resources (CPU, GPU, etc.) for serverless execution:** Customize resource allocation based on specific requirements.

## Play online

You can start playing with Docus in your browser using Stackblitz:

:button-link[Play on StackBlitz]{size="small" icon="IconStackBlitz" href="https://stackblitz.com/github/nuxt-themes/docus-starter" blank}

## Create a new project

1. Start a fresh Docus project with:

```bash [npx]
npx nuxi@latest init docs -t themes/docus
```

2. Install the dependencies in the `docs` folder:

::code-group

  ```bash [npm]
  npm install
  ```

  ```bash [yarn]
  yarn install
  ```

  ```bash [pnpm]
  pnpm install --shamefully-hoist
  ```

::

3. Run the `dev` command to start Docus in development mode:

::code-group

```bash [npm]
npm run dev
```

```bash [yarn]
yarn dev
```

```bash [pnpm]
pnpm run dev
```

::

::alert{type="success"}
✨ Well done! A browser window should automatically open for <http://localhost:3000>
::
